- Data: How was the MRI and PET preprocessed? How to coregister them together?
	- Both the T1-weighted MRI and FDG-PET images go through a processing pipeline available in ADNI and a second processing pipeline
		- **PET:**
			- ADNI preprocessing: co-registration of the raw FDG-PET frames, averaging of the co-registered frames, mapping the averaged image into a standard 160 × 160 × 96 image grid with 1.5 × 1.5 × 1.5 mm3 voxel size, intensity normalization and filtering of the normalized image with a scanner-specific filter function to produce an image with isotropic resolution of 8 mm FWHM.
			- Additional preprocessing: using the SPM software . First, the origin of all images was set to the anterior commissure region which is required for the normalization function in SPM. Secondly, the scans are normalized to the MNI space with a voxel size of 1.5 mm3 and use a 4th degree B-spline interpolation. Thirdly, the normalized images were registered to the ==MNI152== template with a voxel size of 1.5 mm^3. Lastly, we performed min–max scaling to rescale the image intensity values to the range between 0 and 1. The final image size is 113 × 137 × 113.
		- **MRI:**
			- ADNI preprocessing: minimal processing which includes an on-scanner non-uniformity correction
			- Additional: using the CAT12 toolbox. MRI scans were processed using the standard VBM pipeline. This pipeline consists of two steps: the initial and the refined voxel-based processing. The initial pipeline applies a denoising filter, followed by internal resampling. The data is then bias-corrected, affine-registered and lastly followed by the standard SPM unified segmentation. In the second stage, *skull-stripping* is performed and the brain is parcellated before the final AMAP segmentation step. Finally, the tissue segments are spatially normalized to a common reference space using Geodesic Shooting. Lastly, we obtain the grey matter **(GM)** tissue area of the brain denoted as mwp1 in the output files of CAT12. We then perform min–max scaling to rescale the image intensity values to the range between 0 and 1 and use this as an input to the network. The final image size is 113 × 137 × 113.

- Standardize T1 MRI: registered to the MNI space (ICBM 2009c non-linear symmetric template): norm.mgz -> norm_wimt_converted.mgz